
When designing instructional material this study will look into how instructions can be most efficient and how the learner uses their mental resources when learning new material.
\newline\newline
Cognitive Load Theory (CLT) investigates the structure of information and the cognitive processes of memory and automation. The method CLT aims to reach the goal of spending the learners limited cognitive resources efficiently in instructional design.

CLT distinguishes between working memory and long-term memory. Working memory being the immediate conscious processing of information, which on its own is very limited being only able to handle a few elements at once. It is the interplay between long-term memory and working memory that makes the human brain able to handle the complex tasks we do everyday.
A structure for information is required for this interplay by breaking information into elements and assembling multiple elements into a single element known as a schema.  Schemas can, once stored in long-term memory and automated, reduce the cognitive load because of each element does not need to be processed individually in working memory.

We want to make a distinction between schemas, as “a cognitive structure for representing and retrieving classes of typical situations for which a similar response is required of the learner” \cite{gobet2012chunking}, and chunks as a unit of information made from smaller pieces of the same kind \cite{gobet2015chunks}.

This study will aim to distinct the section about Musical Practice due to chunking is a strategy used in practicing.

We want make this distinction going up to the section[insert section] of the rapport concerning Musical Practice, as chunking is a strategy used in practicing music \cite{ozsever2014cognitive}.

Paas et al \cite{paas2003cognitive} discuss how the interactivity between the different elements of information have great importance for the amount of cognitive load the learner must deal with.

A way to describe this could be, as an example, looking at the structure of a car. The buttons that control the windows will not put great strain on the learner to understand, due to the low interactivity, while the engine will require much more of the learner due to the high interactivity.
Car mechanics ability to work on car engines is because the elements of the car engine is stored in the long term-memory. Paas et al \cite{paas2003cognitive} points out that since elements of low interactivity puts a small cognitive load, designs with CLT in mind is the most efficient when dealing with elements of high interactivity.

CLT deals with 3 types of cognitive load and all adds to the combined cognitive load. Since the ability of resources are limited, it is therefore significant the type of load is imposed. Paas et al \cite{paas2003cognitive} proposes following overview of the different types of cognitive load.

The first one is intrinsic cognitive load. It is intrinsic because of the elements of information is defined by the complexity of the material itself, and cannot be altered without diminishing the overall understanding.
For an example can a simple mathematical problem cause a low intrinsic cognitive load, while a more complex mathematical equation can cause high intrinsic load. The way to handle a high intrinsic cognitive load is to omit the elements of the material.
By focusing on a single or few elements separately, other elements can later be reintroduced and give an overall understanding.

Extraneous cognitive load is irrelevant or unnecessary information and do not contribute or actively hinders the understanding the elements of information.

Instructional material that does not take cognitive load theory into consideration has the risk of not using the learners cognitive load efficiently, and will therefore interfere with the learning.

An example could be when the learner need to cross-reference material across time or space, and will cause extraneous cognitive load on the learners working memory. Owens and Sweller \cite{owens2008cognitive}have done experiments into this in the context of learning musical notation, and the results make consideration of CLT in any domain, including music.

Germane cognitive load deals with the active understanding and storing of elements and schemas. It can be affected by the way the instructional material is designed, how the information presented and the activities involved, but it also affects the learners motivation and effort.


Kalyunga et al \cite{kalyuga2009expertise} identifies a potential issue when working with CLT with learners that already possesses the schemas because the instructional material is supposed to make the learner acquire.
This is due to the fact that even if the learner recognizes the material to be redundant, the learner is likely to try to relate to acquired schemas with the presented material and causing unnecessary cognitive load. Several studies has shown this effect, called Expertise Reversal Effect \cite{yeung1998cognitive} \cite{mcnamara1996good}.

This effect will be important for the study and is something to be aware of when defining the target group and design.

Van Merriënboer, Kirschner, and Kester, propose different ways on how instructional design can take CLT into consideration \cite{van2003taking}.
One of them is Scaffolds, the initial support that helps the learner achieve a goal, but then gradually fades until the support is no longer needed.
They emphasize the need for this integrated-support as it decreases the extraneous cognitive load and believe it may explain the finding that learners needing support is the least likely to use non-integrated support, such as manuals \cite{carroll1987paradox}.
This is important to have in mind, if the design for this study wants to lower the bar for playing an instrument and make practice more efficient.


Another of the approaches mentioned is Simple-to-Complex Sequencing. The approach is to break up complex tasks into simpler tasks that gradually can be combined, similar to chunking in musical practice.

In the paper they also discuss that of just-in-time information presentation, being the timing of when task-specific information is presented. They make the distinction between \textit{supportive information} and \textit{procedural information}.

It is being argued how supportive information is best used with information of a high intrinsic load  to present the information at the beginning, as it gives the learner the framework for the information which later can be elaborated on. If the intrinsic load is low, it may be better to present the information when it is needed in the specific task, that being procedural information.
